well it is episode 17
the prodigal son returns that's right
Kelby may the person that no one really
knew who he was anyway he's back on the
show it's so exciting
we're we just wrapped up week 8 we're
going into week 9 LCS is like skidding
to a stop in a little bit as we head
into playoffs there's so much talk about
and guess what tonight it's all about
you guys it usually is but it's even
more about you guys cuz we're just here
to talk to you to hear what you want to
say all that more starting in just a
second hotline League is brought to you
by open by HP well here we are we're
back
Kelby and Mark who can now officially
talk cuz I've finished the intro mark
Zimmerman my constant co-host of the
show how's it going mark it was great
until I ran into you on Sawtelle two
nights ago yeah yeah I mean I had left
the country for a little bit and then
you left the country yes I so you told
me you're gonna you ran away to what was
at Vancouver yeah oh no Vancouver cuz
you hated your life yeah exactly
this this cherish life there's just too
many angry twitch comments I think they
all got to me oh the one where you had a
50-50 ratio on the video yeah that one
well that's YouTube you know that's
we've recovered I I've left I've gone to
Vancouver I'm good
but yeah how's your week been
um it's going is it every not going for
you mark
you know I don't think I haven't had a
week go by yet you haven't had a week go
by yet yeah they always go by that's
good maybe that's that's what you want I
guess I'd be dead if I didn't know it
was going by yeah yeah yeah Tacoma I
know a lot of weeks would have gone by
real quick yeah exactly
well we're glad that you're conscious
and on the show with us market really
helps facilitate the production whenever
you're alive
Kelby make healthy ways making his
triumphant return he's looking extra
pink today I don't I don't know if the
brightness on the the light beer him is
a little strong I'm not sure but welcome
back he'll be it's good to be back man
I'm excited to talk with you guys and
some fans about League especially
since I get to come in at the very
exciting part yeah well right now you
look like a character from guardians of
the galaxy so I'm sure I'm not sure
what's why are you so pink what I feel
like I just haven't here that's helping
an open window yeah yeah that's really
good
do you have like pink on the other
window I don't know no no I just didn't
have the other monitor like displaying
anything bright okay well either way
there's so much to talk about Kelly what
have you been up to
cuz it's been a bit uh I just been
working chillin playing a lot of games
Pub G DotA Rainbow six siege now I got
into siege really heavy recently and I
have a new shout out for the end of the
show okay well it's not gonna be a
chain-smoker shout out this week
everyone on the East Coast everybody's
staying awake at the crack of dawn and
Europe they're gonna stick around for
the next two hours to find out what your
shoutout is I'm sure people can't wait
all right sided for this week though
because we're actually going to talk
about games Yeah right surprise guest
surprise guests we actually have the CEO
of I was gonna open by HP odd we're just
gonna talk about over by HP stuff of the
show today
no um yeah we're gonna talk about the
games and Mark I know that's what you
like to talk about is there anything
else like okay so right now as we film
this sneaky is dressed up as elevates
list looks you told me not to bring it I
know I know but you bring it up people
can have it on they're not they're not
watching that stream for the gameplay
they can meet it and listen to this and
watch that but I think that's so you
know it's nice it's nice to see that in
League of Legends what do you have any
thoughts mark no I've been around my
fair share of elementalist Ross I wasn't
said cross-dressing recently just like
with the offline TV stuff we've had a
number of videos where people have wigs
on and stuff recently so yeah it doesn't
even faze me at this point
yeah my only problem is it's like it's
everywhere on Twitter right now like
there's gotta be something else going on
today and all I see is
sneaky yeah just now
Cory Lulu has a solution for for this
show and how we're gonna be able to
compete you just linked it hearing up
I'm gonna drop it in on the screen this
is I guess what the show should look
like actually the first entries of the
images at resize but you guys get the
point we'll just make it like this no
probably some rules against streaming
restreaming content yeah we just take
his webcam box and drop it into my my
window it'll be good no I mean so it's
funny cuz we haven't been talking too
much about the games and the weeks and a
lot of stuff any of the hot topics but
kind of feels like it's been a bit
obviously there's a lot of talk about
with games we're gonna get to that in a
second but it does feel like it all's
Quiet on the Western Front there hasn't
been too much drama or any kind of weird
stuff been going on mark I mean I don't
know am I wrong yeah you're gonna say
bye All Quiet on the Western Front
stuffs not happening with games but in
terms of drama yeah that doesn't really
seem to be that much the only I can
think of is maybe some of the the alt
stream stuff oh was that dramatic
no it wasn't dramatic it was like I
don't know if you saw but like um like
reddit's interpretation of what Steve
was saying was pretty funny where
they're just like oh god Kane Oh was he
he was he was criticizing he was on the
alt stream and yeah the fuck are we
picking virus and like all that stuff so
Oh Steve is on the alt stream
criticizing his own team's
decision-making
it was funny it was more funny than
serious I think oh okay okay so he was
just trolling it's good cuz I he was he
was he was like not trolling like haha
just kidding but I think he was kind of
annoyed at the draft or whatever but
yeah I don't think read it was like
being serious but I think everyone's
just laughing at Steve like groaning cuz
they look lost pretty badly to TSM yeah
that's just you don't want to like Steve
I feel like does take taken so many hits
over the years from Andy and Jack and
all those guys so to make him like I
mean obviously this was not right it's
conspiracy but having him on the alt
stream while his team is just slowly
getting brutalized by TSM in front of
his eyes it's probably probably a pretty
brutal situation for him
like he got him once in week one it's
like yes yeah just like slowly TSN gets
better and slowly TL goes from like one
two three - four - five six it's like oh
god yeah really quickly by the way shout
out to Bloods point in the twitch chat
who says met you on Saturday told you my
wife and I watch your show when we relax
tonight so here we are enjoying your
show and keep up the good work man Thank
You Bloods point but back to Steve I'm
on I'm actually going South by South by
Southwest this week and I'm doing it
what with Steve yes so Steve I I'm doing
like a talk with Steve and then also
talk with Sam from fnatic two different
days and so that's funny I would give
him shit for that ahead of our our chat
and it'll just make it super intense and
awkward yeah it'll be great that's how
you do it yeah anything else that we're
missing anything else we're going to
talk about I remember if there was any
drama really going on around the teams I
don't think I know of any that was
public oh do you know who that was
private Wow
yeah there's some funny stuff by the way
Caixa got announced and we never really
talked about that now she's out she's
not she's not gonna be played in
playoffs she's banned the whole you
won't see her dilemma sighs oh really
she's banned until MSI yep
damn son that's crazy okay well that
makes her a relevant yes sorry Vietnam
is now an independent competitive region
we didn't talk touch on that that
happened a couple weeks ago and that's
kind of cool because Giga Byte Marines
are awesome and I feel like people just
figured out a way to get them into every
well their competitive event their
player player base is fucking massive -
yeah
so I think that's that's the bigger
reason it's like well they're best team
look decent and they have a huge ass
player base so there you go people keep
saying lck drama I'm not sure what
they're referencing do you does anyone
know I assume all that skitty stuff or
whatever though that's kind of dated
either way let's just get him to calls
oh yeah let's do it so if you guys have
not watched the show before the way this
works
we have a discord Holly you'll be
posting it in the twitch chat right now
and you're gonna want to join that
discord and you will have to join the
general voice channel or general two and
then you're gonna post your takes in the
general text channel and the reason we
want takes instead of questions or you
know I want to talk about Team Liquid
ba-da-da ideally you say like team
liquids fine or a team look was not
gonna make playoffs or they will make
playoffs and get smashed in the first
round so to give us more what you're
thinking so when I bring you on I know
what you're gonna say or what you're
really thinking about so with that said
I can begin polling people if Travis has
his little sub sellout oh yeah my sub
seller thing if you are a sub there's a
sub chat channel that you can hang out
in and you can bet your question in
there mark and I keep an eye on that and
so it gives you a little bit of an
amount which is getting picked but if
you've got a bad topic or something we
can't really talk about you know
obviously that's not gonna end up
working out for you but yeah Kelby you
have anything you want to add you've
been very quiet are you still wrapping
up your Rainbow six siege game I'm chill
no no I'm just waiting for the call okay
actually here's tell me you can talk to
me a little bit about this well my
grandpa's and stuff and I'm actually
kind of curious about Mark's thoughts on
this I'm is this little game called
fortnight oh yeah gonna kill legal
legends absolutely not
wait really yeah well I mean like what
do you mean kill League of Legends yeah
yeah I just wonder humph so one of the
things that okay I'm not trying to be
dramatic no but one of the things that
go ahead go for it no no I I was just
gonna say that I put it in our chat for
you to post but nobody posted it okay
well I think I'm the only reason I bring
this up is I think I cannot think of a
time other than winning
comes out for the first time like
probably like when d3 came out or excuse
me like sometimes like when a WoW
expansion comes out that something
really big that just consistently
overtakes league of legends on like the
twitch following page for a long time
and I feel like this game is doing that
but it's not like some epic
single-player game it's not like some
game that I feel like you play for a
little bit and you kind of get over I am
just wondering and again like I don't
think League always needs to be number
one and I'm not trying to be doom and
gloom or whatever but I do it is an
interesting thing to me here like people
all thought that overwatch was gonna do
this I I didn't think that but I do
think fort and I could actually maybe
overtake League if the eSports stuff
gets handled correctly so here's my take
on it is that ultimately League success
is just really based on its viewership
like and you have to say there's
leadership or player basing meme as an
eSport its viewership oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah sorry I should have clarified that
well yeah so then do you think that for
tonight is drawing away viewers from LCS
I don't really think so I don't think
that LCS is viewership is being impacted
by ninja streaming or not it's I think
that even within the battle royale space
I think that fortnight and pub G can
both exist successfully because I view
it kind of as analogous to League in
DotA where they're both such separate
games that you will have people who are
naturally more drawn to one than the
other
but I mean League if if we even if
fortnight has better viewership if
week's viewership is doing well and
continuing to grow does anybody care
that fortnight is doing better I mean
not really unless you think that it's
hampering your viewership of your title
and it's taking away sponsorships from
your space you know I think we have yet
to see Battle Royale eSports done
correctly yeah we've seen some cool
examples where it's like oh my god
hundred man arenas and like it looks
cool but like no one's actually like
putting out a real product yeah so I
don't think the East fourth space should
be worried about that in general
let alone the fact that it hasn't even
like started really happening yet yeah I
think I don't worry else are tough to do
man it's hard I don't really know how
you make it like I'm a can't even get
their fucking scoring systems figured
out let alone like the immersive
experience is there a chance that if
people stop playing League of Legends
because they're gonna play for tonight
that because they're not playing League
of Legends they're less likely to watch
League of Legends eSports and thus for
tonight can drain League viewers that
way well so that's that's where I think
that's why I asked what would you were
considering bucks I'm not concern about
from an eSports like first eSport
perspective but from a player base like
sure fortnight is blowing up it's doing
great I don't know how it's doing in
other markets that aren't just like
North America but you know like League
is huge in Vietnam now it's huge in
China it's slowing down in Korea I
haven't looked at the PC bong stuff but
it retake overwatch then pub G overtook
it I think it pub G dropped back down
like games become huge and die off
sometimes pretty quickly like pub G is
yeah I don't let me see which one's
bigger right now but like pub G no I
meant between League and pub G okay
yeah pub G is I don't even fucking see
it there's 11,000 people playing it and
like you know six months ago we're like
oh my god pub G is gonna take over the
world
yeah and now it's a hundred and fifty
thousand on fortnight versus 11 K yeah
so fortnight is eating pub G's lunch and
then you got frickin h1 trying to do
their own Pro League as like the very
very distant third battle royale yeah
imported heels as a storm right exactly
the better actually the perfect analogy
yeah so I think you know if they do
free-to-play well if people enjoy that
then like a lot of people is casual I'm
gonna boot this up and play a game might
switch or more people might switch from
league to that and that would be a cause
for concern but not like for the
entirety of Li eSports maybe just North
America's like I said I don't know what
the how they're performing in Asian
markets yeah although if you don't have
any LCS what do you have
it's true all right you want to start
grabbing folks mark mm-hmm yeah I'll
test them we'll get into grabbed left I
think what the fuck I love it when
people do this to you it's already so
great cuz I'll just be like oh he left
it's just great whenever mark mark is
constantly battling with Livia I'm just
like where the people mark he's like
please just leave they just randomly
leave yeah oh I was gonna talk about for
tonight
ninja streaming with Drake wait what no
and just supposed to stream with Drake
in the next couple days potentially it's
been rich I like stream with t-pain
BIG's bigger whatever fury is on the
show where you calling from fury
I'm calling from South Florida and
welcome to the show are you wait did you
call him before and talk about Miami no
I was I honestly don't have time to go
to that final although I wish I could
but are you going to alt released no I'm
not a friend who would have gone to it
it's not been a Virginia so the next six
months into months oh you're happy to
move oh yeah we're all here for you
furious sounds like you're going through
a lot and that's that's what we're
calling you here right now let's see let
you know that we're here for you
I'm moving to Denver okay okay nice cool
well in a couple months when we're doing
the show and fury calls them from Denver
I will completely forget this
conversation happened what do you want
to talk about on the show today yeah I
think echo fox isn't a top two team but
we'll have a free ride into finals in
the fam son okay wait why why do you
think this yeah so if you look at the
standings right now you have echo Fox
and cloud nine first and second right
mm-hmm but the difference is that echo
fox has the head-to-head first cloud
nine mm-hmm though even if they both -
Oh echo fox will get first place and
then you have to look at playoff seeding
which is that the first
place team will play against the
third-place team in the sixth place team
so I think it's very likely that echo
fox can - oh the weak feel they've not
received people I think they do dynamic
receipt yeah they do dynamic receding
that good but but either way his point
is that they'll bump into someone and
semies that they can beat right yeah
yeah like for clutch for example I think
they have a very good matchup first then
so I think that with echo fox securing
the first seed mm-hmm all they have to
do is just you know focus on fly
question 100 thieves like echo fox
should be able to take that - oh and I
have to worry so damn man they're
bottlings really underrated though the
echo box bot lane now it's trolling
because that caller called in remember
and was like man they're underrated so
how are they who you think you think
they're gonna face who in the
semi-finals hunter teen hundred tier
clutches what do you think yeah if they
watch well it's hard because the dynamic
receding I think makes it so that they
could potentially play against almost
anyone clutches all but assured to get
third place as long as they won 1 or 2 0
because clutch has the head-to-head
against TSM so even if TSM you know
they're on a rampage right now but even
if they - OH
clutch is fine to get 3rd place so
doesn't that mean that they're most
likely to fight clutch in the 3rd place
no because of with dynamic reseeding
they get the lowest seed come semi so
it's much more likely that they play TL
TSM or hundred thieves yeah I think I
mean that only helps his case though is
that in a world where they thought
they're gonna play clutch yeah I mean
dick dick solo oh yeah that would be
absolutely brutal and then uhm first TL
I feel like let's just be echo fox this
weekend
no I so there you go oh no no I was I
was just saying you know that's an
interesting point there Travis I mean
who do you think is a better echo fox or
100 thieves TL or clutched well the big
so one of the questions is who's better
in a series and I think there's a pretty
good chance that like one of these other
teams could be better in a series than
in a best-of one which one do you think
would be best then it's not I think
TSM is it they could probably just run
straight to the finals yeah um I'm
worried about TSM I'd be worried about
actually clutch as well because if Evan
can match a fibrous Phoenix da rocks
better than Lyra who knees better than
solo but then their bot lanes worse than
the clutch gaming bot lane so you're
basically like Ken who knee and dark
carry and we saw they couldn't quite do
that I think that game was a little bit
of a weird one because there are so many
skirmishes that echo Fox would
traditionally win that they just didn't
get more than one kill so that game was
a little like I wouldn't say that's
gonna happen every time but I would be a
little worried I think the issue is
mostly just warm-ups top laners and
junglers like you see some really stupid
champions like Jarvan rushing second
item or mugs with Cinderella and then
every single teamfight that happens is a
full health teamfight so then you have
these defensive supports like Brahma and
tahm Kench and it just makes it so that
it's really hard to actually pull a
meaningful teamfight win so you have
these low kill fights going on and games
just get pushed to late game but I think
if you were to just say against febiven
if you just ban three mid laners against
him I know it's not meta but if you just
ban three mid laners against febiven
what can that team to otherwise pick
sigh on top and then that's sure I guess
he'll play Draven
I don't know but I mean who need us
showed that he can't just play carries
he can play tennis
that's not good in a playoff if like
your tank first my tank
I mean he'll play trundle a stream like
something else but I still like I'd be
worried if you're giving up Stein to ban
out three mid laners and Feb EES good
dude like he's borderline like MVP
discussion right now yeah he's one of
the best bids for sure yes I don't know
also that we didn't even talk about 100
fuse very much like Kody and afro and me
do shit on bot lanes all the time Ryu
kind of sucks I know of a really good ad
carry on a different team that shits on
bot lanes all the time oh yeah what
place today all I'm saying is in a
series I think team liquid could take
Fox but I know I'm like nervous to say
that because the whole twitch s is gonna
open up with like when we go she's so
biased or whatever but I actually think
it could happen I I don't feel like Fox
is super strong right now I'd like
they've definitely looked like this is
the weakest point that they've looked to
me in the split so far but it's it's
super hard to tell because like so many
teams trade games and I don't know week
to week like three weeks ago CLG looked
like the worst team in the league and
now I'm like damn CLG like teams are
actually so lucky CLG probably won't
make playoffs yeah I think CLG making
playoffs would be they're looking I
think what what are they for oh right
now yeah ever since Nick Allen's AMA
therefore yes ever since well frost
became the shot-caller therefore no that
might be the more important point but at
the risk of going too far down this
rabbit hole I would just say there's
legitimate reasons to be worried as Fox
like their bot lane had always been like
not great statistically and they would
just pick Kalista and then go even in
Lane with Kalista and then the top side
would win and now it's like well you
can't do that and people are focusing
you and tanks are better in the top lane
now so that hurts your biggest strengths
I mean I think that's kind of ignoring
Phoenix though I mean all of his
champions are extremely meta and
extremely strong right now
yeah but the mid laner
he's going up against a really good - so
like I'm not saying I'm not saying
Phoenix isn't good I think he goes
toe-to-toe with Jensen and febiven and
bjergsen pobelter but like you know what
you can't I don't think you can count on
Phoenix like to carry those series he'll
be good he'll have his good moments
he'll have some bad moments but I don't
think he's like I don't think he'll be
the difference-maker name those best of
fives
that's true I really I really liked what
CLG did against Fox this weekend where I
felt like watching that game hooni it is
normal
mooney thing and he felt like he was
flying
but what CLG was actually doing was
letting him fall with style where they
were just taking everything else and
hooni wasn't there and then like all of
a sudden like it's it's just too far
gone like they just ignored him and they
took all the fights for b5 and like then
they just they just won the game
and I was like wow you have this you
have this guy who's super fun he has
like no game impact actually because
they were just playing the map better I
mean that does also give echo Fox a
legitimate game to study and look over
and learn from I mean know that I have
them all that information yeah Kelby I
mean it's one thing to look over that
and it's another thing to be like hey
botlane get better
so that's don't so we don't have to have
Dada go down there and protect your
turret or whatever if you pick a support
like tahm Kench or Brahm you can just
focus on going even maybe falling a
little bit behind in bot Lane but then
having a really good team fight presence
support I I think if you're going up
against a play making support like you
know bio frost ball he won't be in the
playoffs in all likelihood but again
staff removed like 100 thieves all you
do is just pick a support that can
neutralize them in teamfights neutralize
the thrash neutralized the bard and then
you just ban Zack against meteos because
honestly medius should have been on the
Opie 5 last weekend he played way better
than Mike young but he's only looked
good on Zack so you just
pick a teamfight support and then focus
on those teamfight junglers like Zack
maybe says Ronnie yeah I mean the
concern is you pick Brom and then they
pick Morgana and Caitlyn and they just
push you in under your turret and then
you know you you lose the lane
gracefully and huni's winning his lane
gracefully and then you're in the
neutral game even game at twenty twenty
minutes it's I mean I'm not saying like
echo fox is guaranteed to lose these
games and just say like it's harder to
cover up a weakness when it's like
seemingly a personnel weakness versus
like well why are they drafting this way
kind of like yeah thing that you saw out
of some of these other teams I mean I
think you know dar doc with his he's
such an amazing tanker and if they do
pick a Caitlyn Morgana Lane that leaves
them wide open to a you know possibly
even a for v2 v BGP play I don't like
you can now this is my point you can
make up all these hypothetical scenarios
well like that you can keep going with
this you know like oh force a five man
TP play and it's like and then they can
maybe disengage it or like who knows
maybe yeah you know now they're not
playing to their topside and that's
enough to plank that's not echo Fox's
strategy traditionally already forcing
them to have not played their game plan
that's good that means you're disrupting
what they want to do and doing making
them play what you want to do you know
it's like yes I've seen its rabbit hole
so I don't want to go too far down it
but I'm just saying that like their bot
Lane has been enough of a problem over
the past three weeks that like you
should be worried fury thank you so much
though thank you so much for the call
really for finals all right thank you
yeah thank you to fury as Mark goes off
to get the next caller want to give a
shout out to a couple different people
starting with odd one villain hero and
why dog
10:23 and ribbon shoe who are all
fighting right now to see who I will
interview at the end
along with oMG you ate my cookies five
decide this ghastly and night who came
on the show before and I forget how to
say his name subd says I still like echo
fox at me
so moving on here we got fantasy on the
show where he called from magazine well
first off you pronounce that correctly
thank you for a second I thought you're
gonna say first off you pronounced it
incorrect
no it's this thing supposed to be a
cheap way to say fantasy but yeah I'm
from Kansas City so I'm calling from the
Midwest right now
nice Midwest caller sorry that you'll
never go to League of Legends pal
what did you say that yeah but um so uh
sort of off the comic a sentimental
story I'm a really big traditional
sports fan and been playing sports ever
since I was a little kid what's the
story this weekend I was where my cloud
9 Jersey with a st. Louis Blues hockey
team had all this old man probably 70 80
years we'll got into a very friendly
conversation five-minute conversation
about hockey he told me you know he'd
been watching hockey since he was a
little kid so all the league grow star
hockey is only about 60 years old in the
United States
he saw the Blues growth node 51 years
old and it got me thinking all of us
right now are watching eSports grow and
when we hit his age we're gonna be you
know looking at kids my age at the time
and kind of in that same same
perspective but then looking back at it
most sports
unlike hockey but please look at
basketball or football in the States
started in college and grew a base that
way before they could expand into a
national sport into a work life because
usually back think like in the 30s and
40s you played football in college and
after that you just got to college with
it you couldn't make a living off of it
the fact that eSports already has a way
to make a living off of it and then it's
branching out and getting a bigger
player base I think that it will show
more growth and faster especially with
people like my little brother who all
they've known his video games they were
my dreams and YouTube is like a big
thing so it's a really cool thing to see
and I feel like I'd give it like maybe
10 years 15 years and eSports is gonna
be controlled MIT's League of Legends or
something new yeah that's cool what did
you it was that your main conversation
topic for the show or did you you have
something else that you wanted to talk
about I've had a few others in the past
I guess if you will if you're okay with
me spewing on something else no I mean
I'm happy to talk about whatever you
wanted to talk about I just wasn't sure
you said first off a sentimental story
so I don't know if that was you starting
the
yeah yeah so I mean I think it is
interesting to talk a little bit about
how quickly League of Legends like
because a lot of people say I think mark
he'll be myself cannot probably all
attest to the fact that like we're
constantly talking to people who are
like not really into eSports but they're
interested in investing in eSports or
they're doing a story about eSports or
whatever and they're constantly saying
things like they ask us all the time
like where is this where do you think
this is gonna be in like five years
where do you think that's gonna be in
like ten year it's like hey like our
eSports real athlete yeah yeah are is
this a real sport thing oh do you think
this is gonna kill like baseball or
something and so it is like an
interesting topic that I agree a lot of
people spend a lot of time obsessing
over for me I tend to not care as much
about it because you know in a way it is
what it is and I'm I'm you know I I
could see eSports epping and flowing
over the next couple of years like you
know in a world where League of Legends
dies and the battle royale games can't
figure it out you know like there's
overwatch and I don't know how much
that's gonna grow over the next couple
years like there's a chance that like we
could you could backslide a little bit
but I don't know if I don't know if Mark
and Kali have a thought on it you know
that I have a million thoughts mark go
ahead do you want to put out one of your
million before I put out my one thought
I'm a simple-minded person so is your
one thought I think video games is a
whole like the general idea is you wait
so all the people who like that other
thing die off and then the other thing
becomes the new norm you know it's just
how changes happen a lot of the time and
so yeah this whole generation that's
growing up with video games will like
watch eSports a lot more and all that
but I do think the idea of there being
like a single eSport is probably like I
don't I don't know if we'll ever get a
world where it's like this is just the
eSport that people watch the most of
like csgo is probably the closest thing
we've had to that which like that's just
the fucking that's eSports like League
is the biggest one right now but it
could easily trend downwards and I do
think that's a little bit weirder when
you compare it to some of the other
traditional sports it's like you've just
based off how communities work
and like especially communities in the
real world like you have to play a game
that you all understand and like a new
game can come out in the online world
and everyone can download it and play it
especially if it's free-to-play and it
can spread very rapidly and then online
communities a lot of people who come
together
traditional sports have a weirdly
strained like advantage in the sense
that like they can't change rapidly so
they actually are more stable in that
sense we're like you're not gonna invent
it's like slamball let's go all play
slamball and it's like our let's install
a bunch of fucking trampolines to a
court and it's like no you can't do that
so in that way
the fact that they are forced to be more
rigid because they don't take place in
the digital world where you can change
things just with code they are around
for longer and so it's a it's a weird
question where I think you know I think
a lot of people will adopt eSports
moving forward and they'll always be a
new shiny game and as in that sense
it'll always be a new eSport and it'll
be hard to do to develop anything to the
level that the NFL NBA and anything else
reached because how it's always gonna be
a new shiny toy in the market where it's
like well it's basketball and fuck it
let's just one play basketball I think I
think you kind of classify eSports into
different genres where you have you get
to battle rails that are popping up now
you got first-person shooters like
counter-strike or even overwatch then
you have dota or even kind of MOBA games
so looking at similarities with like
basketball baseball and football for
example you have your own communities
just like with eSports in these certain
game types and what I'm trying to say is
that eventually just a traditional
sports viewer base will die out and
you'll have basically an eSports viewer
base whether that be you know you have
your jock csgo guys where you have like
the like the baseball player MOBA is
where it goes a little bit slower or you
have you know so on and so forth
basically different peoples play types
competitive styles to take with
different games just like with
traditional sports somebody's a little
more collected might play soccer or
baseball whereas more agility base would
be basketball or football and you know
so on and so forth why do you think
traditional sports viewership will die
out
I dunno decline it is it's on a very big
decline if you look at the actual the
viewership and um yep I've actually
worked a little bit with newer ship for
some sports but um besides that fact I
grew up in a household where I play
sports since I was four years old all
the way through high school
and I loved it but I also refereed and
have coached some small teams and
there's this level of forced aggression
onto sports that my father and some
other people that I've seen have kids
don't take to that very well and neither
did I and you see this very growing
dislike in trisko sports by kids because
not only do they get to see a bigger
world now with technology but they have
video games all the time at their
fingertips and ever since they were
babies so it's just an easier for that
easier way for them to fall back just
like probably sports were for older
generations a way to fall back away from
the recession they're paying all that
stuff so Kelby just an interesting fact
that I everybody always talks about this
any sports you've probably heard it
before but the median age of the base of
a baseball viewer is fifty three and
four in and sorry further football it's
forty seven and for the NBA it's thirty
seven so obviously the you know in a lot
of cases that might mean that a stretch
is like a lot of people of all you just
watch NBA but once you start to get to
like a fifty three-year-old baseball
fever being like the median age that's
it's kind of crazy so so one other
interesting note just before we segue
off the declining viewership of
traditional sports it's also just due to
the declining viewership of all TV yeah
like Brett currently Netflix has more
subscribers than cable right like it
didn't I see a stat about that recently
I honestly believe that yeah so like
right now your traditional sports are
like how the fuck do we monetize
correctly for this stuff and so I think
part of part of those numbers are due to
that fact like NBA is not particularly
violent it's a lot of fun like it's
doing better like baseball has concerns
because really slow and maybe it doesn't
appeal to the current generation and
football has the health injury with like
everyone getting concussions so
those are some other variables to
consider I would just say that I think
tradition I think you know eSports is on
the rise it'll rise and like Travis said
I think it will go through some waves
and periods but I do have a concern of
ever reaching anything quite like the
NFL reached its peak just because like
well overwatch is the new hotness but
that's gonna last a little while and
then this other thing will come and then
this other thing will come and like
those markets will all be like the
shooter market or the RPG market or the
whatever football game market but
there'll be new things coming out like
there's now the Valor thing instead of
vainglory or whatever it is sorry you go
Kelby oh yeah no I was just so to riff
off of directly what you were saying I
agree and Travis and I have actually had
this conversation before I can remember
where we had it as well where I think
that one of the things and I'm a huge
proponent and believer in the long term
mainstream prevalence of eSports but I
think that one of the big things that
will need to be overcome or that people
will have to deal with and could be a
hurdle is the fact that like if I am a
football fan if I'm a baseball fan if
I'm a basketball fan I used to follow
traditional sports all the time all the
way up through high school
super engrossed in the new sports was a
replacement for me I can go back and I
can watch a basketball game I can watch
a football game I can watch whatever and
it's I haven't lost any knowledge it's
really easy for me to still follow the
game and completely get everything
that's going on to the level that I
understood it before I also managed and
lived with a professional league of
Legends team and watched a ton of
screams and at a certain point had a
really really deep competitive
understanding of the game and I go back
and I watched League of Legends now and
it is such a drastically different
experience it's not just names that have
changed it's like watching the game is
entirely different with traditional
sports you do not have to be an actively
engaged player in order to still get
what I would call like an 80% plus like
you know viewership satisfaction
experience with eSports I personally
feel at least from my standpoint and
somebody who's more interested in like
you know the pretty robust competitive
nature well
you need to be an active player of the
game in order to experience it to the
same degree that she would a traditional
sports broadcast with the level
knowledge that you have and as you know
life goes on and people go to school and
they get jobs and stuff you have less
time to play games where you whittle it
down so you can be a traditional sports
fan and follow every single traditional
sport and be really actively engaged in
all of them you can't do that with
eSports like even the most dedicated
eSports professionals Travis and thorne
and anybody will tell you is that it's
really hard to be an esports pin and
have a really deep understanding of
multiple different titles I make a
serious effort and I am really dog shit
and at most titles compare a tee know
like the experts in that scene whereas
you know with like traditional sports
you can just pick up and talk with
anybody even if you haven't watched the
game for a couple years
sorry that was really long-winded but I
think that's one of the things that
eSports will have to figure out along
with what Mark was talking about and
then the other thing is that I just
don't think that traditional sports will
go away I think the baseball and
football for the reasons that Mark
mentioned have issues that will need to
be addressed and I don't know what
happens to football because nobody wants
their kid playing that sport anymore
but ultimately is it still entertaining
to watch yes I think that a lot of the
viewership decline is the same thing
that we've seen and why eSports is so
appealing to so many people because the
way that media is consumed is
drastically changing not just in the US
but across the world television is the
fucking worst like I go home to my
parents for the holidays and like they
have cable on and do you have you does
anybody ever fucking watch cable anymore
it is so is it all psoriasis ads yes
you're watching like 40% commercials
it's so bad for like ingesting
programming that way it's it's it's such
a terrible viewer experience and
ultimately I think that so many people
have transitioned to washing things
online and being able to pay for content
in different ways and consume it in ways
because it's it's such a better format
man and adblock will need to be
recovered but even still
if you watch I never use adblock if I
watch something on Twitch or YouTube or
whatever I'm not nearly as inundated
with ads as like one even the best cable
broadcast you know like it's that thing
is gonna die I can't wait for it to die
I haven't had cable since I graduated
hey finishing high school I want to
thank you so much for calling in I think
this is a good conversation no wrong
thing yeah mark come back oh sorry hang
on I need to do it ed oh yeah speaking
of it's a great conversation fantasy
thank you so much and cover you're right
there is way too many ads in traditional
television but now it's time to take a
break to talk about our sponsor almond
by HP they by the way make this show
possible really appreciate them coming
in and supporting the show if you guys
are not familiar with omen by HP as Mark
holds up a keyboard they came into the
space a couple years ago and I really
saw the value I think and competitive
gaming and the audience and really
supporting shows like this everything
from a grassroots questionable show like
this where I'm pulling mark out from
another channel so that I could stop up
so we could do it add all the way up to
like the big leagues like overwatch
League and all that stuff and sponsoring
teams like CLG who will hopefully next
split have a better showing for that
sponsor but you know it's it's been
where mark is doing a live and most
graceful boxing yeah mark showing a lot
of sponsorship or or a lot of support
for them you know I
earlier at the starless show one of the
things that I did who is well very
impressive 35 inch curved monitor so
I'll be gaming on this you guys can
check that out it's in the description
of the twitch screen and all that stuff
you can i'll put it into the the youtube
link as well this thing is massive and I
can't wait to try it out wait am I
getting one of those this thing is
massive and I can't wait to try it out
really exciting but yeah it's it's a me
too man
and I'm a big fan of it and I really
appreciate it i want my HP support of
the show not only you know do they hook
me up with gear markets a keyboard I get
a monitor but like a white elephant we
can do but mark mark and I also mark and
I also get paid to do this show now
because they at least support it so it's
it's not just it's not just the gear and
all that stuff but they help help us
spend time doing this marks a very busy
man you know he's got like offline stuff
he's got I've been playing a lot of bots
to Hunter recently that would probably
pretty cool for he's been playing
Monster Hunter I asked him for lunch
this morning he said no I gotta go get
go get lunch with the girlfriend I can't
sell lunch for tomorrow what unless we
do it like you know like noon this is
this is why you have a monitor exactly
either way thank you so much to owned by
HP by the way if you if you want to help
me out if you want to help mark out go
to him up on Twitter follow them at omen
by HP tweet them tell them you
appreciate their support of the show and
I read that really helps us out so thank
you guys so much
I'll put their Twitter in the
description on YouTube Minh and I'll
type it out right now into twitch chat
but again thank you to Oh Minh by HP for
their support mark is now gonna run off
and grab the next caller
and I I'm gonna give some long do
shoutouts call mechina by the way at the
start of the show I said that I'd be
interviewing after the show live on air
whoever Ghent was a bit leader , Tina's
donated 15 hundred bits several times so
now we'll be sitting at 775 hundred bits
I don't know if anybody else is gonna be
able to break that but if they do I
think you got enough of bollne you can
chill yeah well hey you know who knows
as always good sports and chill yeah you
can Campesina just be careful steve
watches the show yeah
big dick at any moment that voice that
you're hearing right now is that of
Conn's Conn has just joined Conn you've
been on the show before but remind me
where you calling from good ol Idaho
good old Idaho time Kahn is a twitch sub
thank you very much for subbing Kahn
what do you want to talk about in the
show today
well I just want to talk about how best
of ones and even somewhat of like the
massive patch chains right before the
playoffs kind of make me wonder like I
have zero idea where the top teams are
yeah because we're in a whole different
environment you have like even like
double left and some of the players now
coming out and saying like we've been
trying a whole bunch of stuff in scrims
and that we spent a lot of this LCS
season just kind of fight you know
trying different things you know we
weren't really tryharding that much and
I mean even if you look at it right now
like I'm not a CLG fan but I feel like
they're you know if you took this today
they could be considered the best team
in today just given the patch in their
nature and I just I feel it the way best
of ones and how drafts entered they are
and how kind of random they are and also
the fact that eight-point-five just you
know 8.4 and 8.5 changed a whole entire
like dynamic of how the meta is I have
no idea with the number one team like
teams are in this cloud nine all right
so hundred thieves has the best
I don't know whenever I talk to all the
players I asked several players this
question across the interviews and all
of them sometimes not even in response
to this question will just say they
think cloud 9 is the best and that's why
I think that might be the case this is a
tangential issue - what Kahn is talking
about somebody up at mines but I've
heard people say it a bunch of times and
he vaguely reference about like how
teams aren't super try-hard
in the regular season and that's fine
the teams you need to trihard r trihard
and like TSM just try hard think they
they were not slacking off the first six
weeks that's not why they suck balls
they suck balls because they had to new
like 60% roster of people you know like
and a lot of the regular season is
giving time for teams like TSM
to figure it out so I don't like people
are was like man the regular season
didn't matter
like the winds necessarily might not
matter all the time but like that time
that they're competing in a very
legitimate setting matters a lot so yeah
that was really not what Kahn's point
was at all but I just want to get that
off my chest
good job the railing the show mark my
bad okay
I still think cloud 9 was the best no
he's trying he's saying Ron was saying
he does massive ones have like fuck yeah
but also a con I'm sorry where did you
also want to have a discussion about who
the best team is cuz I thought that was
the main I mean I just have like a we
can discuss I mean I was saying like
right now if we talked about the NA LCS
as a whole given the best of one in how
the patch changes like I don't think you
can really clarify what team is really
the best I mean if you like I said you
look at CLG it's hard not to say they're
not the best team you know given you
know their performance in 8.4 and 8.5
using field is the best team there and
they running I mean they've had really
strong winds to their on like a four or
five game win streak and they be in
every they being like a bunch of playoff
teams they'd be 89 echo fox TL ITSM next
week yeah so they've beaten a lot of
good teams while doing that mark do you
think seal G is the best team no fuck no
okay I mean I'm not saying I think
they're I just think there's a
legitimate discussion especially right
yeah
eight points like out of curiosity you
know mark you're in you know Maury
analyst keno kelpies a little bit
outskirts what do you guys feel about
like a riot severely changing a meta
like midseason because I feel like eight
point four and eight point five
completely like made how teams were
playing or gearing towards at the start
of the split irrelevant in some ways I
can't agree more with that element where
I don't necessarily like big changes at
the start of the season if big change is
gonna happen I like where they did them
like week five six like teams have had
enough time to figure out how they want
to play a little bit like so they're not
completely like cold turkey and then you
given a couple weeks towards the end of
the season to figure it out and then
you're playing on it for playoff so like
I'd rather hear then like a playoff
patch was like in the past they would
fucking hit you with like feral flare
here you go like heal now does it
removes healing debuff so it's the
counter to the counter to itself you're
like what the fuck did you just do to
this game and they kind of did that
again but at least it's in the middle of
the season I would ideally I don't mind
when they do is sometimes when the meta
sucks and it felt like for a while the
meta sucks and so some of this might
have been in response to that and then
teams just got better and then a lot of
the meta problems kind of went away so I
mean I said I said the meta problems are
there if you looked on all the games
this weekend they were going than the 40
of the 50 minute range well I think that
might be a little bit more going back to
the point like teams don't know what
they're doing either like before there's
a pretty clear way to blow the game open
really early like top lane counter pick
and winning top side matchups and or
you're playing GP and he eventually hits
25 minutes and he's better than the top
lane counter pick matchup
so like the good teams could end games
quickly and now it's more through bot
lane and some teams are not readjusts I
don't know maybe maybe it's slower too
but you would think with the changes to
Baron and elder dragon it's like I don't
know what you know what I find really
exciting in the meta is is watching a
team walk with five champions and a
baron buff and a fucking cannon minion
and then having the audience count off
shots on an inhibitor I like that are
you saying are you being sarcastic yes I
think it's like fucking people cheering
for ward kills that's boring as shit
dude I mean no let's thought let's not
it all the same ward kills are like
there's no kills and so there's just
like a random ward and a jungle that
gets killed that's not hype this is like
a siege in a base like there's a
complete then there's all this tension
is somebody gonna go teamfights could
break at any moment but they don't what
happens is you just watch this canyon
minion fucking siege and people sit
there and they exchange and then there's
there's no actual fight that happens
nobody dies and like you just lose them
in heaven walk away in transit I would
not like it if it was happening a year
from now but for right now I think it's
fun yeah yeah sure and I'm sitting in
the audience I hear a cheering and it's
just it's fun it's a novelty value that
will quickly wear out I think but it is
it is pretty epic as you just see like
the cannon minion take those giant
chunks
for the inhib and it helps build the
tension because at some point in time
like the other team needs to run out and
kill the fucking cannon minion I
understood what was there and I'll be
honest you see in a way that I'm
actually not happy cuz I think na teams
are being stupid but they're not
building banner as much anymore I feel
like there's been a lot of games with a
I've watched where teams could just win
if they built a banner and sieged so I
think it's an interesting thing that
happened based off my understanding it
was like banners fucking broke and
everyone do banner and then there was
like well I'm just gonna keep my minion
D materializes and it's like okay well
I'm not gonna build banner then I'll
just build a better tank item and then
if you're in an even game st. there's
better items than banner I guess I just
see every other region especially Korea
and China still building banner
I think we've overcompensated I would
agree but I think I understand why we've
seen a decline of it or we're just the
next level yeah all this money has gone
straight to everybody's brain and
they're just so much smarter now because
they've had all this investment into
their you can buy IQ
yes yes if you look at you like that's
definitely what's happened yeah yeah you
have to add that in with the fact we
have at least half less games this is
age yeah this is our fucking year at
Worlds and all these noobs don't realize
it yet because we just got all this
money injected strain to our brain cells
and I got an MSI caller coming up Kelby
I can't wait to hear your optimism oh
yeah we remember rift rivals last year
when I went there oh yeah fucking dick T
you like some little action erm I'm not
gonna continue where I was going like
young this the mic gun coming-out party
was rift rivals 2070 yeah yeah for sure
I agree with what Caan saying and
principle best of ones makes it really
hard to tell who's the best team
combined yeah a Megamart all right well
I just I also think it's part of it is
just the everything's changing here at
the end maybe part of it is the meta but
I also think like TSM is finally getting
their feet underneath them CLG like it
is impossible to say that like oh they
were secretly this good all along but
like best of ones just made it so that
we couldn't tell it's like trying to go
top before was like darshan counterpick
who he a really in Soul and TF and gank
and they like how about we just win
botlane yeah how about that yeah I say
hugs cat sounds kinda like liquid yeah I
don't know what liquids doing don't you
worry about our boys I will say though
that uh sorry one thing real quick I
think that best one has made me more
excited for Series in playoffs because
we haven't seen series up to this point
i guess i am i interested because I feel
like viewership
it's bumped up a little but what is that
best of one or is that because we have
new orgs and like optic and I don't
think viewership bumps up so much from
it as much as it avoids dropping when
you get a shitty matchup whereas like
sometimes it was like the alt stream or
the second stream and it was like
literally 15k people watching us or less
yeah yeah so like it's not so much like
man we're back up at 200k like we were
during the prime time of right LCS as
much as like well you're not a 10k how
do you sell sponsors when your matches
get 5k concurrence during your you
shouldn't yeah cons what is your discord
icon because I've been wondering this
forever
oh I like played D&D at one point and
like they had us put the icons of the
characters I just never changed since
then come lazy okay can't thank you so
much for calling and I really
appreciated I do have one last thing No
all right did you kick him no it was
just I do it all the time yeah well but
he was in the subs chat and some he said
Oh alyre said to him like most pressing
issues Kelby not wearing sunglasses and
he was like don't worry I'm gonna
address it on the show and so I was like
I was waiting for him to try to bring it
up and I was like I will fucking murder
him then that's great Calvi left alright
while we're going through there thank
you by the way Khan I'm just messing
with you hopefully hopefully you don't
hate me
idk 11:30 subbed bluej 1344 a Skyfall 3
665 and
Ned lint denied lint paws not geurim lol
ladder slider TSP TSP anomaly real foxy
1 donated $10 inset and said it's for
the sin Kelby to Miami fund and then
explosive a subbed je miss senpai has
recept and bio trace during five dollars
said this money is to help pay Calvi
hashtag cake healthy before mark so
that's that's where we're at blue jay no
we should you guys need to pay mark blue
jay are you blue jay 1344 yes yeah well
thank you for the sub that I literally
just read out while you were joining the
show I didn't notice yeah I know well
I'm sure you were talking mark either
way the point is what were you calling
from Kitchener Ontario Kitchener Ontario
we got a Canadian mm-hmm
what did you want to talk about uh I
honestly just want to talk about if any
fans should be worried about who will
wrap us at MSI oh this is MSI caller
mark was mentioning yeah
because honestly like I just I look at
the top teams and I can't really feel
good about any of them to be honest I
guess echo fox has been kind of slipping
lately cloud 9 doesn't look as clean as
they did midseason well I guess at the
start of season 2 neither of them are
look very clean and then after that it's
like well wait we're not gonna have
clutch gaming wrap us at MSI right like
soullow doesn't even know how to play
the game so can I say why you don't need
to be worried okay yeah sure so this is
what's gonna happen all right if you'll
recall a couple years ago one Destin
team from North America went to MSI and
they got second place okay
all we need to have happen is TSM to
lose and for CLG to get in winning their
tiebreaker make a playoff run because
you have faith in the system
you trust Tony you don't want to fire
them like an idiot that was on their
subreddit you
have belief you know that you can't lose
once Nick Allen doesn't Emmett nama on
your sub and you just you roll straw I
love right you go to MSI you big day
Akane you because all their talent comes
to na anyway and the the greatest thing
about it we won't even have any of those
EU scrubs reppin our teams will do it
with pure and a talent plus you know we
can't logic gaming in the twitch chat
right now saying the Prophet and
spamming CLG votes so they're not
sponsoring this show just just in case
in case your CLG fanfic doesn't work out
like are you concerned about any other
teams oh okay we'll get destroyed if
it's not sealed no faith in TSM TSM has
TSM has a lot of EU players on it so I
think will be really good that's a 3/5
team you know what I mean and that's
that's like the best bot lane from EU
and the best mid laner from EU so you
just have like a top and it remember
yeah yeah he's he's na but you know all
right I think that TSM was gonna beat c9
in the finals which is unfortunate
because I think if c9 went to MSI we
would do much better in the finals
because that's always how this shit goes
yeah TSM be twins domestically and then
like well who is it somebody I know
I think it's Taylor Ari's tweets like
CLG would have won this event every time
TSM goes to Internet well a veggie that
flops out
it's like reminder that CLG would have
won this but no I think TSM seems to be
able to win domestically they don't seem
to be a Wyndham internationally which is
very unfortunate for us because MSI only
gets us in one team so whenever they
beat everybody domestically and then we
send them in inevitably we all end up
disappointed and angry and then a TSM
Legends episode comes out with like the
fall or disappointment or you know the
end I don't
I don't know about that but getting real
dark here yeah
so yeah the new works clutchin hundred D
I mean that's the funny thing like I
actually do I love the idea of us
sending clutch to MSI because like all
the NA fans their brains would just
explode they'd be like we didn't even
know this was a team in the NA LCS and
now they're representing us at her -
Ashley what the hell's going on just
think that would be very funny is Team
Snickers oh yeah they're eliminated from
playoff yes I personally am a little
nervous about who represents this MSI I
think like best bets are once again
probably still TSM at scene I just
because I'm concerned about echo Fox's
ability based off what we've seen the
last couple weeks c9 hasn't looked much
better I'm really concerned about
liquorice as team fighting I don't think
looks very good on especially like if
he's playing tanks or something
TSM looks alright and then I if it's not
gonna be TSM to represent us even though
they might still lose I would probably
take one of the new teams I'd rather see
clutch sure there's zero mention of TL
in here you guys are
Travis you especially should be fuckin
disgusted with yourself
Oh pto some fan by the way says Kelby
would love it if clutch brought their
social media guy who I met in person
Coby was very very critical their social
media if you ever want to have actually
Norman I'm not gonna say I'll get back
to you here other times that Kelly self
sensors halfway through a sentence on
this surprising stop you're not getting
paid like he did he made a very savagely
- no Winston earlier and then deleted it
oh I saw that too yeah he said like whoa
I don't know what you guys are so help I
said Oh Kelly's making his triumphant
return tonight on the show Noah said is
it really triumphant and then Kelby says
some like more triumphant than your LCS
application or something like that no
the opposite of your LCS applet oh the
opposite of your el cielo
and they called it quickly deleted it I
messaged Noah on the side I just had to
let him know that I have that Twitter
reply game but you know I didn't I
didn't want to flame him like that yeah
I mean it's not even creative fuck you
mark I'm just saying like I thought it
was good it's a trump card you can play
whenever you know yeah yeah I mean he
wants to fire shots at me you know come
on back to MSI does any of this matter
because the entire thing's gonna be
taking place at the EU LCS Dubya oh was
that no Calvi was trying to get me to go
there
I think Tina like was a boring topic for
this like I do not think that they're
gonna make it to the event they've they
seem to have an identity crisis Peter
right no no no no wait wait wait don't
please don't because I actually have no
no we're gonna tweet something else at
Peter later on tonight
trust me just just hold off I've read
Hegel it's actually hilarious you rather
though because I have a whole thing but
I didn't know you'll see you'll see when
they would get there but no I just yeah
I think Team Liquid has an identity
crisis they can't figure out what they
want to be and I don't think that
they're gonna figure it out in time so
again I still think cloud 9 is gonna I
think cloud 9 is going to look really
great and then they'll lose in some
dramatic fashion of TS on the final so
then TSM will just go blessed her out
and it'll just be like is it but if
ropes the collar earlier whoa
was it furry earlier who was talking
about how potentially could be cloud 9
and test them on the same side that
bracket though for semis I mean anything
anything happened right now it's all
like because cloud my mind I'm gonna buy
their one game ahead of clutch and made
them losing game so alright okay at this
point like anything still possible yeah
yeah yeah for sure I have a quick
question if you guys don't mind we'll
have quick answers okay so by the sounds
of things Travis and mark I don't know
about you Kelly but from the sound of
the things that you guys were okay with
TSM repping however do you guys still
feel that way if like before this week
like they just won two games
sorry no what was your here
questions we're okay okay so my question
is would you guys still feel comfortable
with TSM repping us if it was before
this weekend just happened or did this
weekend change a whole lot
I personally would always like to have
big talent on big stages players who've
played in big matches and have
international experience yeah that's
fair I would say yeah I mean a lot of
this is pending how people look in
playoffs because like part of my
assumption is TSM will be good in
playoffs because it'll be a best-of-five
environment and then they'll play better
it wasn't really influenced by this week
as much though that win / c9 was nice
yeah I already started believing in
spent in myth you when they started like
taking turrets to b2 with Ezreal braum
and stuff like that so okay I had
started believing them a little bit ago
that's why I predicted them to be seen I
I just I don't think that they were ever
a question did we ever I mean I don't
know how you guys think but I didn't
think there was ever a question that
they would eventually become a solid
balling I think the question was all
unlike young and if if we're now
convinced that Mike young can perform
then yeah I'd say it's NTS and they'd be
wicked it was about if they're balling
was good so much as would it synergize
with their team because they were kind
of getting blasted when they were there
were some clear synergy problems between
the bot lane and the rest of the team
yeah so there was a world where I didn't
think TSM ever worked out but I never
sold my TSM stock I just said they were
bad and they were clearly bad but I
wasn't like oh they can't get better
okay I thought golden Guardians wasn't
gonna get better but they got a lot
better yeah holy shit I yeah nice guy
nice strong a thrown in oh I gotta throw
them in man I'm doing that on purpose
bluejay thank you so much for calling
and I really appreciate it yeah thanks
for having me fellas take care thanks
dude all right mark before you before
you leave I'll just to talk about the
double F campaign now right okay okay so
yeah try and save yourself driving hello
viewers as of right now my twitch
dashboard says there are 1000 158 of you
guys watching right now unfortunately
this isn't stark contrast to a statement
made by a close personal friend of mine
recently so I as many people have
requested or suggested I requested
doublelift to come a fish
on this show doublelift said no one
watches this show and so he declined the
invite so he thinks you guys are no one
I would love to have mark me
Kelby and doublelift all on the show in
the future doing talking I think it'd be
really fun we get callers in doublelift
and Kelly used to work together they're
close friends I think that'd be great
but again like doublelift seems to think
there is no one that watches the show so
what I would love is if all of you if
you have a Twitter account do this if
not make a Twitter account because I
need all you guys to tweet at double
lift
was it at TL double F - yeah @ TL
doublelift and just say TL double if I'm
typing out and twitch chat right now hey
I watch hot line League just just tweet
hey I watch hot line League at double f
please and just if you're watching the
vaad do it just keep because he does not
think anybody watches a show and maybe
maybe nobody does maybe I'm wrong but I
this is just a test we can check you
know on Twitter to see it may be posted
to Reddit and then a Rhetta mob would
take it down once they realized I said
this but you know maybe that would help
- yeah just it would be great if
everybody could tweet at teal SS that
there's a Twitter link right there just
just because again like I think he's
confused because I I feel like people
watch the show do you think people watch
this show Kelby yes Travis I do think
that people watch this show okay good
well well that's how I sell eat sports
by the way on my calls
let's find out all right
so all the everybody spamming the bot
emote now in chat everyone's just spots
alright we can we can move on oh did you
tweet oh yeah I guilt-tripped him with
the best friend yeah I told him not to
come on
Oh Rick told about that gonna work -
easier to hate hot lately is not a good
show I advised you not to come on
very good all right
all right make me lie yeah shake it then
this guy yeah okay let me go ahead I
have some more shoutouts to give and by
the way again at the start of show I
said I've interview whoever gave the
most bits after the show is done kammo
China is now as house name was
pronounced and apparently I said it
wrong but I he's so far ahead of
everybody I don't know if anybody's
gonna be able to take him on but maybe
someone will Luna bubbly tuna has subbed
kayo flames to sub girlish Menace and
Ruby see what were you gonna say
Kelly how much has he donated seventy
five hundred bits so it's like 75 bucks
yeah in the EOC so if I donated $100 you
would interview me for how long about
the chainsmokers yes so I I said five
minutes but if it gets weird I reserve
the right to hang up on the car
but as long as you don't make it weird
we're good all right fortunately these
were the same terms I gave quantity bio
tres is on the show Wildtree Monty tweet
bio twice trace I don't know bio trace
did you what where you calling from
I'm calling from Spring Arbor Michigan
and is that close to Ann Arbor I'm about
an hour 45 minutes west
man okay that's so funny that sorry to
interrupt this yeah what's so funny
Winston well it's cuz Spring Arbor Ann
Arbor you know in Michigan yeah I
thought it was funny
I'm dumb continue bio trace what do you
want to talk about so so everyone is
talking about how crazy will be if TSM
doesn't make finals and I think it's
absolutely ridiculous to think that it's
would be just that we can expect TSM to
just make finals again because after all
of the franchising and the changing of
the teams everything is so different and
the league is just structurally
different enough that I don't think that
we can really make that kind of argument
because I mean if we're looking at the
like the top players in the league like
we can't
about bjergsen Jensen power of evil po
belts are febiven Phoenix all being like
top mid laners now as opposed to being
Jensen and Bjork sin and baby po Beltre
like there's so many more great players
in the league now that I don't think
it's fair for us to expect TSM to be
like the to be in the finals I think
that it's a I think that it's silly
same thing with CLG like if they don't
make playoffs I mean we are so many good
talent in the league now that I think
that it would be insane to suggest that
that's just outlandish or crazier that
it's something detrimental to their
organizations
so wait sorry I had your statement was
that it's weird to say it's weird to
assume that TSM can make finals and it
sounds but it also sounds like you're
saying it's weird to think that CLG
can't make playoffs so I think it's good
mark no you go ahead
alright so I'm thinking that it's
ridiculous because everyone's putting
all this emphasis on what if TSM doesn't
make finals or what if TSM doesn't make
playoffs and I think that that's
misplaced I don't think we should be I
don't think that that should be a
discussion because there it's completely
different team in a completely different
league I mean we have four new teams in
the league two of which are doing
fantastic I mean I think it's silly to
suggest that that we can assume that the
NA LCS is the same n na LCS as it was
before franchising so we talked about
all this new talent coming in the league
did TSM acquire a lot of it yeah and so
something that's never happened in
history shouldn't be talked about when
it's like leading up to that potentially
uh right because it's completely
different league I think that it's
because there's so much more new talent
including Savannah and methey I think
that like we can't discount that they
should be a good team but I'm saying
that because of all the other talent
also coming into the league that it
wouldn't be outlandish for TSM not make
finals oh you're saying no one should be
somewhere
of TSM doesn't make finals yeah there's
there's so much good talent I it like if
it's an I mean echo fox is something
right now and I don't think they'll make
it in but if you know it's a if it's a
clutch gaming c9 final I I don't think
anyone should be surprised because
they're both fantastic teams well so c9
c9 is you can't really make the argument
like c9 making its a finals it's almost
as commonplace as TSM making it to
finals right but the clutch thing like I
think people should be surprised because
quite frankly like none of these teams
existed just more than three months ago
so sure to have somebody come up build a
team and then three months like make it
so that TS you know cause a situation
where TSM for the first time ever isn't
and finals I think that that is pretty
that would be pretty surprising to me
yeah I think it's fair to say it would
be surprising if TSM didn't make finals
you know I'm not saying like it's
mind-blowing that they wouldn't make it
but just that hey they were the best
team at na for the last two years
they're the first team to win three
splits in a row they switched out their
bot lane for the best bot lane and
you're up and in the West arguably and
then they brought in one of the hottest
young junglers and in na like why would
this seem not be hyped up I'm expected
to continue to do well just because
other teams got febiven and power of
evil with stuff I don't know that that
seems weird to me I expect them to do
well there they always do we mean I like
I said I think that like there's so much
talent in North America that it's almost
like we have a brand new LCS and so I
guess for me it's like we're starting
fresh we're starting over even though
some of the teams have been around for
longer than others I mean it may be you
can look at where the talents
concentrated like who has more talent
arguably than TSM maybe Team Liquid
which is why people expected those
teams to be the first to yeah maybe c9 I
mean I think that like the question
marks around licorice are this similar
question marks that are around Mike
young like how is he gonna do is he
comes in and stuff like that I think
that there's because there is so many
question marks around the league that at
least for me is it wouldn't surprise me
or I I don't expect TSM to like cuz like
last year I mean I could like last
spring I could expect TSM to make it to
every single Finals but coming in this
year coming into this summer it there's
a there's a much better chance that they
don't and I think that that sometimes
goes like untalked about or undiscussed
is how good the rest of League is now
compared to the level of what TSM was
last year last splits does that make
sense yeah yeah I think it's fair Kelby
do you ever thought yeah you want to
share it with you guys go my thought is
that there have been 10 na LCS finals so
far and there has been one team that has
appeared in every single na LCS final so
far that team is TSM there's also been
one team that has won as many finals as
the second-place team has appeared in
finals and that is TSM they've won six
out of ten finals they have this guy on
their team called bjergsen he's won a
couple split MVPs he's away Freddie good
player whose bjergsen I haven't heard of
him before yeah yeah he's he's a he's
like a former EU player that wanted to
get popularity and maximize career so he
left his dog shirt region and he came to
the big region and everybody gets
upgraded and they make the most of their
life yeah so he did that move he said he
made the stage and yeah so I'm just kind
of I was doing a lot joking and stuff
but for me um like when a team has been
that consistent over this many years and
they still have those you know they
still have that guy in place bjergsen
and Reggie um until it is disproven like
kind of like my thoughts on SKT
right in like World Finals I was like I
will not believe that SKT can get
knocked out of World Finals until I see
it happen like I just would not bet
against them and until I see it happen
with TSM I will not bet against them
reaching a final you know what I mean I
think that they're they just like they'd
get this buff that's too strong and they
still have the pieces as a part of that
organization you know that enabled them
to get there yeah and they did it with a
bunch of rosters - there's the diary six
special Reggie one there's the burek
someone with like lost boy turtle
there's the bjergsen one with double
lifts and now there's about to be the
birgisson one with Sven not only have
they done it with a bunch of different
rosters they've done it with every
roster yeah that's fair Oh Marcus wants
you to know that the Zephyr guy was back
in chat so if you wanted his topic he's
there
I don't remember any stock OC he was
probably the first the first person here
you lost yeah but yeah that's that's all
I had but tell me make sure you get your
five bucks for me
don't let Travis steal it from you
thanks man I appreciate it like he stole
my wheel I oh damn I was like I gave it
back and then I remembered praise thank
you so much I appreciate ya thank you
guys love the show what's that thanks
seed about Travis told at the top of the
show how I fuckin I fucked up and I
missed our meeting oh it's a little bit
of both he's had it for like a year now
I'm gonna get the next person it's tense
100 super jumps has subbed bar 2 5 8 6
has subbed hawk-i rar has served razz
Grizz TPS subbed
Hots a subd crazy he's yeah he's got a Z
and then two S's Crazy eight with a K s
up 36 zero with a zero at the end and
seven oh poor Oh Satan sighs to be
little sighs a Google s sy z z-- y GI so
I think people sometimes make these
names just to make me struggle ll smacks
IXP resection and contain early D a big
fan of contain early D has said baffle
is here of Apple where you come from
hey what's up Travis I'm from New Jersey
but I'm currently in the Dominican
Republic
oh why are you makin for vacation no
actually my parent might mean my mom's
Dominican I'm studying over here on
college nice very cool very cool
well what do you want to talk about on
the show today
well actually I want to talk about
reignover and CLG
um I've been following reignover ever
since
fnatic and all the 18a know stuff they
did at Europe and right now the all the
hooni effect that's been over around on
tardik and all this stuff and I've been
thinking if with all that happened last
year with rain over NT l if CLG don't
make playoffs this year if they don't go
like at least semis I really think
people are gonna start to catch up that
rain over maybe is not the best jungle
in league or maybe a good job league and
he'll Korea will be probably over and
he'll start like falling into lower
tiers of teams and stuff and yeah I
really like the guy I'm really scared
for him it's an interesting question
I feel like reignover might be on the
piglet path yeah and I'm really scared
for him so I was talking with some
people and up until like the most recent
uptick with rain over and the rest of
CLG was like who's the worst jungler in
na and then it was like on des and it's
like okay so who's the second
whereas like probably rain over damn
dude
yeah and then then I had the question I
saw him somebody else who's the worst
import in na and it was like will
probably fly and then it was the
second-worst it's like probably rain
over
she's crazy things also cost efficiency
- I can't imagine fly yeah but if we go
to cost efficiency we're also talking
about impact but you know that's a gross
amount of money for somebody that's not
making that well hike just doing a lot
more 40l than writing over something for
CLG right and money is not a it's not a
thing to Steve you know how like we take
for granted oxygen or like in the u.s.
like fresh drinking water and stuff like
money is just like money
oh yeah other people care about that
right okay yeah I would say I don't
think he's done after this split though
because CLG has looked good enough with
this iteration that like maybe they give
it another shot
not to mention who else do you get yeah
yeah yeah bring back a more God the God
himself
he's an academy right is it on there
Academy yeah there's a couple Academy
junglers who look all right but like
andhe didn't look good and he was
supposed to be one of the new hot hot
young rookies coming in and there is in
the chat right now getting very
defensive about rain over by the way do
not flame rain oh yeah and arrows I
listen I really love wringing over like
he seems like a really nice guy and I
was on everything and actually I think
he's a really good jungle well the thing
is I don't know he's just not having it
I would say he is one of the most
intelligent junglers in the league and
I've never said otherwise and his path
thing is amazing that's why I was like
the highest XP differential I don't know
if that's still true he's fantastic
PvE junglers how I've always said it but
as soon as you make him like start doing
engages and stuff like that like he'll
he'll like get kills off ganks from like
being in the right place at the right
time but
you'll watch how he plays them and
you're like what the fuck was that and
like saying with engages and teamfights
just like hitting the wrong button and
like flashing in place and stuff like
that it's painful to watch sometimes I
mean yeah but was it rengar his
pocketbook or something if we're talking
about like 2015 2016 yeah but then like
after a rework yeah well if you watch
this rengar on CL it was booty hole he
would like yeah top of an ad carry
keeping double Q to kill them and then
he was flash like I watched a game where
he literally lost his team the game when
he had both backline members gonna get
hit with the double Q AoE thing and just
flashed out and use his empowered proc
on W yeah and it was like okay he
doesn't he's lost it that's how it
looked who would you rather have on a
team right now Acadiana reignover
[Music]
without knowing two personalities I
can't say cuz I know reignover is a
really nice kid and I don't mean
personalities like as people outside the
game I mean like how they work in a team
environment so like I know reignover is
a really nice guy I know he's probably
pretty easy to work with Akkadian has
looked better this split than reign over
for a large portion of it Daenerys says
by the way in reference to what you were
saying earlier mark ran over played like
that when everyone was calling him the
best people just don't know wanks a
jungler good heat you cut out I don't
know he's sorry sorry an arrow said in
chat that in response to what you were
saying about reign overs play style that
reignover played like that when everyone
was calling him the best people just
don't know what makes him a good jungler
IMO would rather have that good pathing
jungler who can PvE than the me only
fight me only gank jungler yeah I think
it depends what your team needs to like
CLG needed a leader they needed a
playmaker they needed a lot of stuff and
Rayna was just not that fuckin guy and
that's what CL needed and he wasn't that
fuckin guy and now that bio frost is
that fuckin guy like reignover starting
to look good again ya know an arrow says
flaming mark by the way I disagree with
him completely
I think I think if your team just needs
someone who's like gonna be ahead in
jungle and like control and early game
which is like what he was for who knee
because who need just generates pressure
like I actually feel like Bray novo
maybe be a good jungler on this current
version of echo fox 2 but like if you
need him to like go win you the game
he's not that guy I don't think yeah
while we're on the topic of CLG we
haven't really talked about this yet but
they're just one of the biggest stories
mark and Kelby do you guys think I I am
a big bio frosts I don't say fan but
like I really like that guy and I think
he is one of the like best I think he is
like a shining rookie for LCS like not I
know he's not technically a rookie right
now but right he's part of the most
recent generation like he came into
League whenever Acadian and moon and a
lot of those other guys came in I was
worried a little bit whenever he went to
CLG and things started to fall off but
if he becomes ends up becoming like the
captain and like similar like what
smoothie is for cloud nine I'm really
excited about that so I don't know mark
how much do you think like the narrative
is and when you talk to CLG like what
happened they say well we decided to
have bio for us to be the shot-caller
I don't know Mark and Kelby if you have
a thought on this but I'm just kind of
interested to your take on that whole
situation I think that it's really
impressive how much knowledge Peter was
able to pass along in that period of
time to build him into the leader that
he's become Peter still after leaving
the org contributing back to CLG old CLG
fans still of that guy
yes that looks like he contributed back
to them that might go for when he lost
the final is that what you were gonna
say yeah no uh what was the actual
question he was saying what do you how
much he attributed to CLG turnarounds
like bio frost basically I think it's
then I already gave a Meem answer never
mind give a serious answer mark do you
want to I mean I'm not a part of the
team dynamics but obviously like in
conversations that I've had like
everybody seems to think that like yeah
it's bio frost Rock Calling with Travis
do you think Nick would get angry if I
said like Nick said like buy a fresh
shot Colin he wouldn't getting no a
bunch of us have talked about but like
bio frost talked about it in the
interview it I did a fair amount of
public messaging that basically were
like yeah well shit was going really bad
and so we just decided hey bio frost why
don't you try shotcalling and then
things went really good it was also I'm
sorry
it was also reflected in the invoice
know the mic check they do in the LCL
stuff yeah like why our friends was
screaming his ass off
nice yeah so I think it's hard to know
exactly who led the conversations and
stuff and like how much of it was dicks
because they also completely changed
their play style like I said well it
went from like picking these like really
like and you can hold that part against
six - I'm not saying like if you're
gonna take the good you take the bad so
yes they had really weird drafts and
they were not playing well and then
they've picked Orianna and a tank like
fucking five games in a row they don't
let darshan like counter pick everything
and then they don't pick a roaming mid
to like try and snowball top side they
completely changed your game plan so yes
a lot of car that is bio frost because
now he's like come down here and gank
for me probably and shit like that as
well as telling team how to play out the
mid and late game but I would say he
probably deserves the majority of their
turnarounds credit do you guys know how
incredibly difficult it is to to have
such a drastic change from week to week
midseason in LCS where you just like
like you're talking about mark changing
the play style and then also like I've
been managing teams when we were like we
need to do something different with
shotcalling you know we change things
we're gonna have this person shot call
we're gonna like lead there's role
change it's really hard the fact that
bio has done such a good job and on such
a short you know like one week
turnaround essentially from when they
had the AMA made that decision or you
know whatever happened behind the scenes
and they come out on LCS week is like
pretty incredible super dope should not
be understated cool I just wanted to
bring it up because I I felt it was
worth talking about and sometimes we we
just skip past stuff because maybe we
don't got the right color Sony Britt
doesn't bring it up pop oh thank you so
much for calling in hey thank you guys
yeah appreciate thanks deed bye-bye
moving on by the way shout out to mellow
jello 100 who just broke the record set
or set the record 10 thousand bits for
the channel overtaking camo China as a
bit leader I'll be interviewing
whoever's a bit leader after the show
but there's no way anybody could beat
him right Travis no I don't I don't
think so Kelby unless it was you
trying to get me to talk about the
chainsmokers with you hydron 3l has
subbed in mr phonetic seven have subbed
we got no on the shown err no aware you
called from yeah I'm calling from
Valdosta Georgia you're calling from
Georgia yeah okay turns you up maybe you
can turn yourself up a little bit more -
okay I will admit that for a short time
I thought you were no Winston that it
was that you were no well I'm excited
I'm still excited cuz we talked to Noah
from Georgia
yeah yeah yes I could tell in the tone
of your voice
maybe a little ya know uh listen no I
don't want I'm sorry that my guests are
making you feel you know unwelcome I am
super excited yes that's not a guest I
was talking talking about and by the way
Noah Winston
was worth not a twitch subscriber and
you are so you are a more valuable human
being than Noah Winston what would you
like to talk about other show today Noah
um I was wondering how like North
America has often been called like
stacked in terms of jungle talent like
we have spent scarin xmithie Mike Young
dar doc in a way like we hear all about
all these like good junglers but we
don't have like a clear talk to your
list of junglers and I feel like a lot
of the teams blamed their jungler like
you always see it abouts been scaring
but like you all see rain over - are
these guys good junglers and just uh
being scapegoated or like what's going
on in obviously who's the best jungle
jungler who do you want on your team
like sought-after best jungler sewed our
talk was looking really hot until
recently I would say he's been alright
like the game that they lost fuck good
they just lose too much yeah I was like
he got the first two turrets of the game
with jungle pressure had a massive like
CS and XP lead over Lyra and then like
they had a 3k gold lead going into 20
minutes or whatever it was and they just
couldn't actually like get the good
fight so maybe his engages were off more
cuz he was on special and he said his AK
or something like I still think he's the
best performing jungler this split but
jungle is the role that is most
dependent on team in terms of how you
look likes fence Garen 2016 spring
looked like hot fucking garbage just
dying all the time on that yellow star
team and then 2016 summer it was bio
frost and now they have a game plan of
like camp bottom Lane and like get
priority mid with lyrics and in four-man
bot Lane and he looks fucking amazing
and is the best jungler in na arguably
so I think it's like pretty teen
dependent which is why you have a hard
time making a clear list cop in chat
says X myth he's the best he's just on a
bad team cops a cop do you want to call
in cop never wants to call him him Tony
all these people always come as a twitch
chat they voice their opinions they
criticize people then they don't want to
call it
either way so somebody else says Levi is
the answer by the way
I think Levi's gonna have a lot of
communication issues coming in I think
that's clearly what's gonna happen if
you watch Academy it's already the case
like he's clearly good he's clearly not
ready for LCS exactly yet yeah give it
two years he might be able to talk and
then maybe he'll be like in a like you
know how they get watched when they come
to na like reign over that's a that's a
little far to two years a little much
but I would say I I also don't think
junglers like that stacked either like
when I think about stack trolls I
actually think mid 80 carry yeah like
he's like I don't even know who's like
actually really bad like hi
statistically is really bad but he
supposedly brings a bunch of other stuff
so it's hard to criticize him turtle
might be your worst ad carry maybe
definitely like but those guys are still
putting up decent numbers it's really
hard to say who's bad like arrows
putting up some bad numbers but he's
also with lemon and he looks good in
teamfights Cobb might Bert be worst and
I carry baby carrying MAME he's just a
viewer now did you hear did you see him
say that oh holy shit by the way mellow
jello just overtook Cambodia yeah you
were in that you were in the other
channel when it all right Sorry Sorry
except you got very excited about that
oh yeah I just looked up and I saw it
gee it's getting its adding excitement
and tension to the show that's why I did
it not for the money
Noah Noah wants to know about jungle
slow junglers so Marc who would you pick
up if you get draft any jungler for your
team who would it be and I guess your
answers to be like well it depends on
the wrestling team yeah I think he's
really good to you but I'd probably take
smithy just cuz I feel like he's very
stable and can play some different
styles like I don't think jungles that
stack with onda reign over Lyra
smithee's getting old and some other
people age doesn't matter for jungler
dude yeah see that's a saint vicious
yeah I think jungle uh it's not too as
mechanically intense as the lane so you
don't get like the age fall off like you
do and mechanically intensive roles
expand the-- has like the I feel like he
has the work ethic and
maturity to be able to efficiently
improve his game over time like someone
towards the level of dar doc might be
too hot-headed to realize his own
mistakes where xmithie could what about
lira because last year when we were
doing League weekly mark you loved lira
yeah I love them as much anymore and
that happens you know sometimes in
relationships you know you just you kind
of fall out you know sometimes the dude
looks like a fucking God and then he
leaves you outside an office building
for an hour without answering your calls
or text messages does I mean you used to
consider Kel be a fucking god
I loved it more than I loved it more of
them more effective more than than I do
now I think is my point he'll be sounds
almost as bad as my ex-girlfriend yeah
Oh easy Zachary no I'll tell you that
much
all right no no any company I don't know
if you have any thoughts on the general
topics uh no I don't have anything
mark has all the answers okay hey
there's Brittany hi Brittany
all right um let's uh let's wrap this up
Noah anything else you want to add to
the call you guys are the best content
on about League of Legends thank you
what you guys to know that that watch
your guys's podcast first oh thanks
who do you watch second um I don't I
think I watched likely cast but it's
just because I've run out of hot line
League dough watch okay catching thanks
so much
oh good watch the countdown no does it
have you in it yeah okay I just watch
you it's the first 30 minutes of the LCS
broadcast this way this Saturday and
Sundays it's pretty good Sunday in
particular is really fun this coming one
or you mean the one that just passed
know what the Sunday that just happened
was good I think
yeah well reddit was giving a lot of
love is it is it hard cast former do I
have to watch no yeah you should watch
your vision it's not a podcast show I
don't know why mark brought it up it's
the first 30 minutes of the LCS can I
miss something he said
yes I said content Oh well what'd you
say he said he watches this podcast
first well let no answer
there's no man Travis no what what did
you say
then I said he gets your favorite what
it's my favorite uh podcast but Travis
and Mark are like my favorite League of
Legends content I deliver pizza and
while I'm on deliveries I listen to
hotline League nice are you delivering
pizza right now I wish do you deliver
for Domino's all right no uh I really
like to quit Domino's and well be having
snootier where my height is better than
Domino's in my opinion and that's it and
everything else sucks Wow $10 dinner box
mark are you fucking kidding I actually
don't know what that is that you can't
talk you don't know your order from
fresh brothers they're a really nice
local Los Angeles chain that's fine but
if you're gonna do a chain stuff no I
thank you for your service to our
country
best zipper skin all right just imagine
being like fuck yes dude finally this is
the Sabre skin I was waiting like fire I
not been able to identify with any of
the other skins or champions ever in
this game you know like there's all the
hulked out people there's these hot
women I just want to be a pizza delivery
character you know now I finally can be
let's see we got platypus who subbed
Justin p14 who says that mark chest hair
sotl duk-soo ulti subbed and so did Zane
star killer thank you so much and Mark
has saved the best for last everyone
because we've got for the third time
returning caller to the show
twitch subscriber extraordinaire
straight from Europe itself
Davidson's on the show how's it goin
Davidson your own Swede yes Arnold yes
the the trader the Europe
Davidson's what do you want to talk
about other surveys
Donald did it backwards he worked he
wanted to work yeah he would be European
Benedict Arlen yeah but this is not a
history show what do you want to talk
about Davidson so I want to talk about
how the analysis will be peaking this
year and without big changes it won't be
able to compete in with Els in the long
run it was a triple agent everyone we
thought that he was on the side of the
day personally I think I still think
that EU is a shit'll in some ways but if
they do business side a correctly they
can grow in franchising the next year
and then he plays won't will had the
need to go to na you know I think that's
kind of scary for an a so which Peking
this year that's what I mean where
that's a have a lot of EU players so
they can do well at Worlds and EMA site
so your argument is that long term na
should be concerned for you because U is
after all this time gonna figure out how
to do the business side yep okay but
what if what about the opposite argument
where na just magically finds Talent but
that won't happen I could say the exact
same thing but yeah that that's so true
though but sure sure possibility so why
do you think that this is the year that
EU figures out how to get players to be
more engaging to get them to create more
content to do better on the monetization
I think it's cuz franchising is kind of
extra to remove all the regional budget
problems that exists with not having
like a centralized market like US has
and before we get too far down that
rabbit hole as well when na moved to
franchising the base salary became 75 K
for the year as opposed to 30 which it
was I believe
and yet nobody basically gets paid the
base salary everyone is way way above
that Romain did some interview I think
he hit the front page where he's like
yeah the average salary is 300 K so I
don't know if franchising and an
increased minimum salary gets you to
Enys salaries yeah I get I see that but
I just think that in 2019 if the EEO
says I don't know if they are public
with it yet if the franchisee all says I
think it will go more locally and the
try and branch out in that way I hope
that players will kind of draw from
their nationalities and try and get a
base from countries so we can have a
little bit more of because when you
involve countries you have yet like your
own identity you can use that to
incentivize fans to buy stuff and watch
contents even if it's not that good and
you have crappy accents like I do
alright your accent thanks but I still
think that analysis have a huge
advantage in that you see that 100 fiefs
like I'm just totally sold on hundred
fees that's my favorite team I've never
liked another team I'm a huge fan girl
right now so what makes you a fan girls
in the a shot I heard about that dude
like five months ago and I just love
them straight away you could just see
that he's just a genuine good person
that's true
I don't know Travis you love talking
about how shitty Europe is that's the
almost your favorite topic do you think
franchising will allow them to hold on
to their talent that's not on g2
actually no that doesn't even apply
anymore right well it's complicated
because even in a world where we have
financial parity with Europe America is
still the best country in the world so
they're gonna want to come here I think
goddamn
we insert their heart and I give you
credit for sometimes no no I mean okay
it is true that currently right now and
it has a huge advantage where you can
just make way more money I love it when
Shaq catches up to a big statement I
make because right now if you were to
spamming USA I think that that will
start to go away the financial gap will
close especially because I I hope I it
actually kind of hope it goes away
because I think right now any players
are paid way too much yes I think if the
gap closes it's not gonna be because
like EU starts printing money it's gonna
be because like na realizes they should
not be printing money well I do think I
think you are gonna lose like imagine a
world where the bottom for you teams in
terms of like financial situation get
replaced with like really big sports or
going to excuse me sports organizations
not to mention the fact that by the way
III believe there are probably a lot of
people who did not get into the NA
franchise that will probably try to pick
up EU tranche eyes so you'll have na
owners Y trying to get in because they
want to be a part of it I think they
want the money that they think na has
yeah I mean I I have just heard rumor
I've heard rumors that like people that
got rejected for na franchising are
going to apply for you franchising and I
don't think that I think other people
have said this publicly so I don't think
I'm the first one saying it but like
it's definitely happening I don't know
if those guys are going to get it or not
but there are definitely in a bit and in
entities North American entities that
want to have a team didn't get North
America so they're gonna try to go to
Europe make fucking soccer teams so we
can have the NBA versus soccer yeah yeah
I think they really should move their
ancestry o to London so the criminal
league teams I don't think that's gonna
happen at all
with I mean not that I'm an expert on
European politics but I think with
brexit stuff there that chances because
be sorry to get visas and all ass shit I
think it's gonna be a lot harder but I
and if you could just tell that you I
don't think I don't think that's true at
all maybe maybe I mean I'm an ignorant
American talking about your politics
like you'd go a hard bargain full kelvil
yes but it won't be like yeah United
States yeah I don't know I just I also
riot does not right seems to focus a lot
on Germany and a lot on France and I
think that there's probably a reason
yeah why which is and I expect that's
because of visa issues or financial
issues or whatever I mean didn't
sausages wasn't there an issue getting
whenever riot did yeah remember gambit
had a hard time getting into London oh
yeah yeah with their dough yeah where
all that happened yeah like I do think
that the UK probably has more create
crazier challenges and Germany or France
cure and they just moved to Sweden then
everyone is a loner
yeah Sweden fucking ons I would like
that o dated Stockholm right I love I
love Sweden I would love to go there
more frequently but Travis do you see
that thing posted in the discord under
general let people watch hotline link
changed my mind what oh I like that
that's good yeah sweet that one yeah
either way you very much derailed this
alright Sweden high taxes and shit for
the thing is that we don't even have
like you you may you may think like we
have like 50 50 percent extra taxes or
something like you do over overall much
better right
we yeah we we can have everything we
want we just pay like maybe seven point
five percent more taxes on average it's
it's hella little fish
especially for middle-class citizens is
the conversation we're having on hotline
Li oh yeah all right we're extending the
show for another hour mark and Davidson
are gonna discuss us I need an
inequality to players who play video
games for a living and don't want to
live in that country I don't know what
that shit means you think players have a
conscious knowledge of tax rates and pro
players already much fucking paying
taxes and write games has knowledge of
that yeah anyway where did we go from oh
yes is is north yes I do think to some
extent North America's advantage and
importing players will decrease that's
fine we'll just get them from Korea
instead I feel I think there's more
aspect suits as well because if I would
fight Vietnam yeah if I had a me server
as a becoming so now and I think that
girl new crop a talent yeah exactly
yeah and I think they could they could
do what they did to you and they would
just continue to continue to do that in
the up-and-coming regions until it just
depletes and they just fall in grace rip
yeah all right any other thoughts before
we say goodbye to Davidson no thank you
David said really appreciate you calling
in as always thanks dude so just like
him to I'm sorry it's good having a
one-er your sorry self so self-conscious
about his accent but it always works as
a little update here doublelift is said
to kalbi tweeted at him and said hey my
best friend it would be really cool if
you came on hotline League with us
sometime and Peter replied that only
because you asked good buddy when is it
so maybe he'll come on we'll let you all
know but
fuck Peter alright let's let's wrap up
the show bold oh-oh-oh PT sm fan is
gonna take over ticket mellow jello 100
we're gonna go we're gonna go for cut I
need to wrap on the show and we'll go
for a couple minutes and I'll do a
countdown timer and then we'll interview
whoever whoever comes on but thank you
to opt SM fan for overtaking Milo cello
mellow jello just had to allow it but it
got out of censored mellow jello types
is all cast motherfucker so please don't
go over than think oh yeah we're gonna
win down the show but I'll be doing an
interview with whoever ends up donating
the most bits or hitting up the bits are
or how much is a dollar I guess it's a
hundred 100 bits out of us two hundred
twenty bucks that OPD dance so well Tran
mobile just hit the sub as well mellow
jello just hit hit another five thousand
bits so now number one we're gonna we're
gonna wrap the show while this is
happening not you guys I'm Travis yeah I
think it's Bryan yeah you work with him
right Kelvin or you used to at least all
right well this is still going on mark
what you got going on this week I don't
know last week I lied and I said I'd
probably put out up blame you me that's
two weeks ago I know why again this week
yeah there's some blanket game shit
coming out guys totally follow my
youtube channel that hasn't posted in
week slash months because it's
definitely common this week and follow
my twitter for the same reasons because
I tweet very important things about
league of legends no I find content no
blame game just mine TV should post it's
also been a long time since offline yeah
that's my point you're like it's it's
like what is Marc even doing he does the
show he does the offline TV content
should be on the way
there's no p1 this week for sure lock it
in just like you can lock in the blame
game no Zell or mark content I'm real
busy man
real busy guy Kelby what do you got are
we even shoutouts yeah oh okay well as
you guys know this week are you fucking
stupid
of course I'm shouting out the
chainsmokers you guys are so stupid why
would you actually believe that anything
else would be worth this time everything
that they did from 2012 to 2016 was just
so fire so many great remixes original
songs the best shows I've ever been to
they're ultra 2016 performance is the
best set I've ever seen in my entire
life
they decided to move on and make pop
music we're all really sad about it but
you know what as artists they get to
choose the kind of music that they want
to pursue and make and that's totally
fine it's not what I'm into they're
finding a lot of success I still really
appreciate everything that they did in
that time era thank you guys so much
please unblock me on Twitter because you
don't like their music anymore what if
they start making an e/m again man and I
just asked him then how am I gonna ask
him they have me blocked on Twitter
well you just fucking did it right here
you got a thousand people watching yeah
Alec's true you guys watch faultline
League right I meant that you can do the
double thing if they ever make good
music again
in your opinion just do what Travis do
with doublelift have them all
chainsmokers to unblock this is a plat
hotline League is a community it's a
platform from which we can go social
change you acquire money we only use
this power for good for improving the
world whether it's getting double lift
on the show getting chainsmokers to
unblock lb this is a show where we we
affect change and you guys are all part
of it we're all the machine
that will bring forth a new world I
actually did have an alternative shout
out but I decided last minute that well
what's the other shout outs now I'm
curious so the film director Terrence
Malick is somebody that I think is
probably not somebody that a lot of
people watch but recently I mean so he
makes real quick tree of life song to
sing okay he's like he's probably the
most accessible and commercially
successful like pretty straight Rd film
directors that's working right now and I
think that he has some some really good
stuff that's not for everybody but if
you want something that is super highly
like visually and like a sensory
assimilating and also kind of a more of
a spiritual experience a spiritual
experience I would suggest checking out
tree of life and then if you like that
and you want to go even more artsy you
do Knight of cups
like he I just really really like
Terrence Malick right now
have you watched annihilation yeah
what'd you think of that no spoilers um
what'd you say no just yeah yeah yeah um
so I like that there are pretty
different films but I like ex machina a
lot more Alex Guardians film before it
um like they're so my favorite movie
reviewer your movie sucks org has a
quick review on it that pretty much
exactly mirrors my opinions like there's
a lot of things about that film that I
really like and there's some things
about that film that I'm just like
didn't like it all and thought were kind
of shitty so it's like I hate love
relationship but those are the kind of
movies that I like to see get made and I
will always financially support because
it's not going to do super well at the
box office but it's so different than
like all the other cookie cutter
bullshit that gets put out there that's
fine I'm looking forward to
Jers sometimes she wants something
that's going to stimulate you more than
just like oh wow here's another you know
to our action scene where every single
dramatic scene is footnoted by some
comedic relief which is everything that
Disney produces now in Star Wars and the
Marvel comic universe so yeah I would
say my thoughts on it were I liked it
and then there's some stuff you know the
ending and then yeah yeah I mean
officially would like to know what about
before sunrise
well how about you let me finish my
fucking point counter logic gaming and
then I went home and I read more about
it and I hate reading movie reviewers
cuz it feels like they're all trying to
write in English thesis that made me
dislike the movie more and then someone
just wrote like a really plain one and
it made me like the movie a little bit
better so in the end I think I think I'm
just like it's all it was alright
alright but like you said I appreciate
that that movie got made over some other
paralysing made the capital D face where
it's like I'm sorry but you just
insulted an entirely eSports
organization mark good best of luck with
us never give a bio frost back out of
the show Oh what about before sunrise to
answer clg's question I don't think I
only had watched it I've seen the whole
trilogy it's a really good trick no it's
I forget the director's name but he did
before sunrise after blah blah whatever
it's a trilogy of films with Hawke and
Linklater yeah yeah Ethan Hawke and
what's-his-face I can't remember or
what's-her-face I can't remember but um
yeah they're good tell me you should go
watch theirs oh we did boyhood yeah
waking life Kelby Richard there's a
YouTube channel I forget the name of it
that's did a documentary called dicks
and it's about if you like directors
that are assholes on set and like if you
need to be this and he like went and
interviewed a bunch of different people
including one director I forget who's
like I don't think that there any like
you're crazy artsy fartsy people but you
would
Bob will probably enjoy it I think it
was actually really more than alright
for me my shout outs at David's a show
you can hit up my patreon actually if
you just go to Trafford I'm such support
let's got a bunch links to different
ways you can help me including ways they
don't cost money like just following me
on Instagram or whatever again if you
haven't tweeted to a double if to tell
him to come on the show please do
because I already won that battle no no
he said he can't make it right now
because he's at dinner with parth and so
you know ending the discussion of if he
was going to come on so we need to we
need to reignite it well what he said
dinner with parth right now it's not
like we were trying to get double if
right now right like yeah I'm just as
I'm not sure that Peter and I both know
Erik he'll be my both know Peter hit
that Twitter interaction does not mean
that he's gonna come on the show you
need to keep pushing always keep we can
reevaluate next week as well next up I'm
going to be at South by Southwest I'm
gonna be in Austin this week if you see
me there if you're there say hi I love
Austin I love everybody there it's
pretty cool and try make a vlog out of
the trip I want to also really quickly
give a shout-out to burnt cooter who
subbed stumpy Nuggets lagunas for coming
in at the tier 3 t-rex and added iris
for gifting ik sub to joel mama 1199
thanks everyone for watching wait is
that the pronunciation
what did itis that's always are see I
thought it was daddy RIS or something I
mean I know I don't know I just thought
it was more emphasis on the dad than the
dyrus part thanks everyone for watching
stick around I'm gonna do an interview
with a stranger